Dear KD Chart Customer,

after almost a year of development time, KDAB is proud to be able to
present the first beta version of KD Chart 2.0, the next-generation
charting component for Qt 4. KD Chart 2.0 has been redesigned and
rewritten from the ground up so as to make optimal use of the new
possibilities in Qt 4. Some of the major new features and advantages
are:

- Full Interview support - plug any QAbstractTableModel into KD Chart
and have the data displayed.

- Full Arthur support - make use of the fantastic new rendering
possibilities in Qt 4.

- Separation of diagrams and coordinate planes, allows very simple
addition of custom chart types and axis scales.

Please see the file doc/NEWS.txt for a more comprehensive list of
advantages.

In order to provide all these advantages and to be able to deliver a
native Qt 4 solution, we had to redesign the KD Chart API
completely. We have taken this opportunity because even the Qt API has
been changed substantially, and any Qt 3 software requires some
porting to Qt 4. With the new API, we hope to have a stable base for
years to come.

The documentation is currently being rewritten, but you can get
started with the file doc/KDChart-2.0-API-Introduction as well as the
sample code in the examples subdirectories.

Some features that were present in KD Chart 1.x have been temporarily
removed from KD Chart 2.0 beta 1, it is our intention to readd these
before the final release. Please find a list of known missing features
and deficiencies in doc/MISSING.txt.

In order to ease the transition from KD Chart 1.x to KD Chart 2, a
compatibility library will be provided. This library is currently
under developing and will be included in one of the next beta
versions.

As a licensed customer, you are of course entitled to support even for
this new version by sending an email message to
kdchart-support@kdab.net. We would also appreciate any and all
feedback you can give us about this new version, please send the
feedback to kdchart-support@kdab.net as well.

We hope that you will like the new KD Chart 2.0 and that it will give
your application development a boost!

The KD Chart Team at KDAB




